DOC Add kernel glossary (#23487)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/glossary.rst

        ``cv`` values are validated and interpreted with :func:`utils.check_cv`.

    ``kernel``

>         Specifies the kernels function to be used by Kermel Method algorithms.
>         For example, the estimators :class:`SVC` and
>         :class:`GaussianProcessClassifier` both have a ``kernel`` parameter
>         that takes the name of the kernel to use as string or a callable
>         kernel function used to compute the kernel matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Specifies the kernel function to be used by Kernel Method algorithms.
        For example, the estimators :class:`SVC` and
        :class:`GaussianProcessClassifier` both have a ``kernel`` parameter
        that takes the name of the kernel to use as string or a callable
        kernel function used to compute the kernel matrix.

        For more reference, see the :ref:`kernel_approximation` and the
        :ref:`gaussian_process` user guides.
```

Author: thank you!
